---
title: "12345"
subtitle: "It really is that simple"
date: "2023-03-24"
thumbnail: "12345.png"
thumbnailText: "Song art for “1 2 3 4 5"
---

Last year I was driving down the beautiful coast of Florida.

I felt free and at peace.

I was on an adventure traveling wherever felt right.

Enjoying the clear blue skies, palm trees, and sandy beaches.

I really did feel free, but wished that I could also experience this freedom and peace of mind spiritually.

So as I cruised down the A1A with open windows, taking in the tropical spring time breeze, I started singing out loud what I was feeling.

“I just wanna be free to live my life, the way you want me to spend my time. Don’t wanna waste what you’ve given to me, chasing things so temporary.”
Free in the sense that I wasn’t a slave to spending my life getting lost in the world.

Not a slave to what the sinful nature desires.

Not wasting what He’s given me chasing temporary, meaningless things.

Romans 8:6 — “The mind governed by the flesh is death, but the mind governed by the Spirit is life and peace.”

Then I’d be free to live for and continually give my life to God as a living sacrifice.

Chasing the one who bought me with a mind set on what the Spirit desires.

Spending this fleeting physical life serving the Lord in the things of His kingdom which last eternally.

Letting Him lead me in everything.

God is infinitely complex, but has made things amazingly simple for us.

We belong to the Lord and if we lay down what we want and give up control of our lives, we can count on Him to do the rest.

Romans 12:1–2 — “Therefore, I urge you, brothers and sisters, in view of God’s mercy, to offer your bodies as a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God — this is your true and proper worship. Do not conform to the pattern of this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your mind. Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is — his good, pleasing and perfect will.”

If we simply remain in Him all of the above should take care of itself.

“I am the vine; you are the branches. If you remain in me and I in you, you will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing.”

_It really is as simple as 1, 2, 3, 4, 5._
